Add jwt example (#127)
spiffe/go-spiffe: v2/examples/spiffe-jwt/README.md

- The trust domain is `example.org`
- The agent SPIFFE ID is `spiffe://example.org/host`.
- There is a `server-workload` and `client-workload` user in the system.

### 1. Create the registration entries
Create the registration entries for the client and server workloads:

Server:
```bash
./spire-server entry create -spiffeID spiffe://example.org/server \
                            -parentID spiffe://example.org/host \
                            -selector unix:user:server-workload
```

Client: 
```bash
./spire-server entry create -spiffeID spiffe://example.org/client \
                            -parentID spiffe://example.org/host \
                            -selector unix:user:client-workload
```

### 2. Start the server
Start the server with the `server-workload` user:
```bash
sudo -u server-workload ./server
```

### 3. Run the client
Run the client with the `client-workload` user:
```bash
sudo -u client-workload ./client
```

The server should display a log `call received` and client `Success!!!`

We can make it fail changing Audience, than is used for JWT SVID (Server is expecting for `myAud`)

```
sudo -u client-workload ./client anotherAUD

Unauthorized
```

> And server log shows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the token is rejected, the server log shows:
```

# HTTP over TLS with JWT

This example shows how two services using HTTP can communicate using TLS with the server presenting an X509 SVID and expecting a client to authenticate with a JWT-SVID. The SVIDs are retrieve, and authentication is accomplished, via the SPIFFE Workload API.

The **HTTP server** creates a [workloadapi.X509Source](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2/workloadapi?tab=doc#X509Source).

```go
source, err := workloadapi.NewX509Source(ctx, clientOptions)
```

> Socket is provided as a client option, when the socket path is not provided, the value from the `SPIFFE_ENDPOINT_SOCKET` environment variable is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The socket path is provided as a client option. If the socket path is not provided, the value from the `SPIFFE_ENDPOINT_SOCKET` environment variable is used.
```

```go
source, err := workloadapi.NewX509Source(ctx)
```

The **HTTP server** then uses [workloadapi.X509Source](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2/workloadapi?tab=doc#X509Source) to create a `tls.Config` for TLS that will present the server X509-SVID.

The `tls.Config` is used when creating the HTTP server.

```go
clientID := spiffeid.Must("example.org", "client")
tlsConfig := tlsconfig.TLSServerConfig(source)

server := &http.Server{
    Addr:      ":8443",
    TLSConfig: tlsConfig,
}
```

> And creates a JWTSource, that is used in order to verify presented JWT tokens 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server creates a JWTSource to obtain up-to-date JWT bundles from the Workload API.
```

```go
jwtSource, err := workloadapi.NewJWTSource(ctx, clientOptions)
```

> A middleware is added to authenticate JWT token, that is provided on `Authorization` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A middleware is added to authenticate client JWT-SVIDs provided in the `Authorization` header.
```

> This middleware validates token using [jwtsvid.ParseAndValidate](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2/svid/jwtsvid?tab=doc#ParseAndValidate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This middleware validates token the token using the [jwtsvid.ParseAndValidate](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2/svid/jwtsvid?tab=doc#ParseAndValidate) using bundles obtained from the JWTSource.
```

```go
svid, err := jwtsvid.ParseAndValidate(token, a.jwtSource, a.audiences)
```

> It is possible to verify presented token, calling Workload API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to verifying the JWT-SVIDs directly, the Workload API can also be used:
```

```go
client, err := workloadapi.New(ctx)
if err != nil {
	log.Fatalf("Unable to connect to Workload API: %v", err)
}
svid, err := client.ValidateJWTSVID(ctx, token, audiences[0])
```

On the other side, the **HTTP client** uses the [workloadapi.X509Source](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/spiffe/go-spiffe/v2/workloadapi?tab=doc#X509Source) to create a `tls.Config` for TLS that authenticates the server certificate and verifies that it has the SPIFFE ID `spiffe://examples.org/server`. 

```go
serverID := spiffeid.Must("example.org", "server")
tlsConfig := tlsconfig.TLSClientConfig(source, tlsconfig.AuthorizeID(serverID))

client := &http.Client{
    Transport: &http.Transport{
        TLSClientConfig: tlsConfig,
    },
}
```

> Client fetches a JWT-SVID from the Workload API and adds it as a bearer token in the `Authorization` header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client fetches a JWT-SVID from the Workload API (via the JWTSource) and adds it as a bearer token in the `Authorization` header.
```

- The agent SPIFFE ID is `spiffe://example.org/host`.
- There is a `server-workload` and `client-workload` user in the system.

### 1. Create the registration entries
Create the registration entries for the client and server workloads:

Server:
```bash
./spire-server entry create -spiffeID spiffe://example.org/server \
                            -parentID spiffe://example.org/host \
                            -selector unix:user:server-workload
```

Client: 
```bash
./spire-server entry create -spiffeID spiffe://example.org/client \
                            -parentID spiffe://example.org/host \
                            -selector unix:user:client-workload
```

### 2. Start the server
Start the server with the `server-workload` user:
```bash
sudo -u server-workload ./server
```

### 3. Run the client
Run the client with the `client-workload` user:
```bash
sudo -u client-workload ./client
```

The server should display a log `Request received` and client `Success!!!`

To demonstrate a failure, an alternate audience value can be used. The server is expecting it's own SPIFFE ID as the audience value and will reject the token if it doesn't match.

```

> sudo -u client-workload ./client spiffe://example.org/client

Reviewer: Maybe we can use a "server-like" audience value. The client SPIFFE ID is a little confusing.
```suggestion
sudo -u client-workload ./client spiffe://example.org/some-other-server
```

Unauthorized
```

When the token is rejected, the server log shows:

```

> Invalid token: jwtsvid: expected audience in ["spiffe://example.org/server"] (audience=["spiffe://example.org/client"])

Reviewer: Assuming you like my suggestion above:
```suggestion
Invalid token: jwtsvid: expected audience in ["spiffe://example.org/server"] (audience=["spiffe://example.org/some-other-server"])
```
